---
layout: post
title: >-
    UNDM in the Era of COVID-19: How We're Adjusting our Organization to Keep the Kids and Community Safe
---

Through these unexpected times, Dance Marathon is taking proper measures to support Children’s Hospital, our essential workers, and our community.  COVID-19 has brought challenges to many, yet our organization has maintained its dedication and morale for our miracle making cause. DM is a community of individuals who support each other in the toughest of times, and we are here to be there for those who need it.

While the world adjusts around us, Dance Marathon is adapting how our organization functions in order to keep our members and community safe. Last April, after UNL closed down its campus, DM conducted all executive and team member interviews via Zoom.  While this method had not been utilized before, it allowed for members to still showcase their dedication to our organization and see some familiar faces.  With the new school year just beginning and new guidelines from the University and local health departments, DM is going to look a little different on campus.  We are implementing new safety measures at all of our events, including social distancing and increased sanitizing measures.  Also, only a few committees will be attending meetings in person each week while others will be Zooming in to brainstorm and listen to weekly updates. Dance Marathon may be functioning differently, but the For The Kids spirit will never fade.  

Virtual meetings also allowed our organization to visit with a few of our Miracle Children over the summer. On July 25th, executive and chair members Zoomed with Alex, Coralie, and Malcom, three of our Miracle Kids and their families.  Groups played games such as pictionary, 21 Questions, and working together to complete an online puzzle.  Though the virtual meeting was a different method to what the Family Relations committee normally conducts, it allowed everyone to still have fun at a safe distance. “Being able to bring smiles to Alex, Malcolm, and Coralie’s faces, alongside our exec. team, reminded me of the purpose we continue to serve through DM,” said Grant Holst, one of the Family Relations Co-Directors. “There’s a bright side to every situation.” 

Lastly, Dance Marathon is following local health guidelines by having every member wear a mask and implementing social distancing both in meetings and bonding events.  August is Miracle Treat Month, when Dairy Queen partners with Children’s Miracle Network to give proceeds to hospitals around the country.  Executive team and staff members shared their love for ice cream and the kids by visiting Dairy Queen last month.  It was a great way to catch up and have a sweet treat, all while supporting Dance Marathon’s mission. 

Even though the 2020-2021 academic year looks a little different, Dance Marathon is still striving to bring funds and awareness to the Children’s Hospital in Omaha.  We are excited to conquer the challenges presented and continue to support our community.  Dance Marathon is an organization that maintains morale and uplifts its members even in the rough times.  We hope that you will join us on our mission to provide funds and bad dancing to save kids’ lives. 